I didn't make a mistake, it was him,
It was this plan for this case that made Dragon King Tian care about him so much that he fell in love with it.
Yes, today we heard,
There is a big shot like the Dragon King who wants to be cleared,
Therefore, our eight great price-passing treasures are passed down from generation to generation,
Put them all over and prepare to belong to that big shot,
I was just playing around, but I didn’t expect you to smash this piece of shit called Chuandai.
Mingtai I am a family looking for a family in Jiangcheng
The criminal policeman who treated me Wang Tianshifan
For you, I am even more worthy of being a brave person.
Overcharging the lowest level of my house
He is actually your name
And you lose money everywhere
It’s full of fun
One look at the person, I’m right, right?
Then you heard it
This Wang Tian
His king Shilong Wangtian
Wu Xuming just ignores the owner.
Sir, I have something to say
It's not as serious as they say.
Jiang Han suddenly became angry about this karma because of me.
It's these people who look down upon him as a little treasurer
I have been forced to hide these things.
karma emotions you do this
It's from Xiaobaoan, and even the business owners don't know it tomorrow.
Just tell the truth
He just doesn’t know Jiang Han
But he never thought about serving the Lord Dragon King Tian
On the contrary, you have always wanted his life.
That changes for the better
Don't talk about your stinky Meng An
You dare to add me
You and he Shujia have been together for more than seven hundred years.
You are not
You have to take good care of it
their group
I don't care about the wiring method.
This is human Durot
moral cultural conduct
Please don't force me anymore
If you give me death, you will still have life
line close